Oh howdy there know the people let's bow
again so this is part two of the Twitter
Q&A we're doing this because some people
can't make it to a live stream so we've
put some tweets out and we're answering
questions from them I haven't a glance
denim but haven't really read through
them so you're getting an off the hip
kind of answer just like from Twitter
there is a part one that you can go back
and watch if you want to see that you
and Professor Darwin have both spoken
about moving away from capitalism do you
think our nation's consumer culture will
ever allow that realistically we love
our stuff aside from consumption what
other ways would we need to change our
culture to move away from capitalism for
those on YouTube professor Darwin is
reeducation the channel re-education
here okay
do I think well it'll ever happen yeah
we don't have a choice we're definitely
gonna move away from from the consumer
capitalism that we have today we do not
have an option
this isn't sustainable this is not
sustainable the amount of products that
are being put out is not sustainable
we're going to have to alter it it's not
a matter of whether or not the system
will allow it because if the system
doesn't allow it it'll crash what are
some ways to move away from it ahead of
time some of the big things are growing
your own food all the stuff we talked
about on this channel you know reduce
reuse repurpose recycle type of stuff
that's gonna help and changing your
mindset to more of repairing stuff than
just getting a new one getting rid of
the idea of always having this to use
disposables you know things that last
are probably better
the immigration thing from the other day
seemed like a horrific fascist move but
no one else seems concerns do you think
it could happen here if so would they
ever reopen or keep us perpetually
walled off to increase their abuse to be
honest I don't know what this is in
reference to I don't know if this is
about not not giving people married to
immigrants the stimulus or shutting down
the Borderers or what there's a this
administration does a lot of a horribly
fascistic stuff to immigrants like as a
matter of just course the wider question
do could it happen here absolutely
absolutely and there are a lot of
conditions that are set for it to happen
here historically speaking a lot of the
stuff we're going through are conditions
that bring that type of government about
Trump could be an ideal head man for
that because he has that fan base the
problem is right now because of what's
going on he's got a balance his rhetoric
he's incapable of it he's not so so I
think that our current situation may
have actually lessened the chances of it
happening but make no mistake it still
can
who are you you're so quiet about like
anything about who you are you've been
shot you speak three languages you know
is suspicious somehow to have to break
end of things yeah I have a colorful
backstory I try not to get get into it
to be honest because a lot of times once
you start talking about that once you
open that door that's all people want to
talk about because it's interesting to
Solomon I would prefer to talk about
what's going on today rather than the
stuff I did 10 or 15 years ago I was a
contractor I was a consultant whatever
term you want to use I did a lot of
crazy stuff when I was younger
these skills and those stories they are
the skills of a misspent youth starting
to rain I also don't like arguing from
authority and when you present yourself
as one of those type of people that's
the assumption people get and I want I
want people to question what I say how
do you deal with people who are still
skeptical about Kovac 19 and thinking
it's a government hoax don't at this
point if they don't get it they don't
get it they're very loud group but
they're a minority they are a minority
that they don't have the influence they
need those who think it's a hoax those
who think it's overblown that's all fine
and good they're gonna find out it's not
and at this point you know it's like
triage you do what you can but at some
point you got to move on if they really
just don't get it they don't get it and
it by this point they're probably not
going to what has surprised you the most
in the response to this mmm the thing
that surprised me about our was the
response to the current situation with
everything going around is that we
didn't act you we have teams within DoD
we have the CDC we have we have entire
agencies devoted to this and it seems
like they were all barred from doing
their job or they couldn't get the
authorization they needed to move
forward
that surprised me I never expected it to
get this far because it didn't have to
they're really good at their jobs if
they would be allowed to do
what do you think of the f-35 I can
think of a whole lot better ways to
spend that money
I think it's outdated before it's ever
in the field I think we are past the
days of the fighter pilot I think it's
it's going to be drones I think it's a
horrendous waste of money and it's
suffering from the sunk cost fallacy
we've put so much into it we don't want
to scrap it but the reality is it's
unneeded it is unneeded well the
Republican Senate ever reached the point
that they stand up to Trump probably
probably not there are a lot of
Republicans that want him to tone it
down that want him to try to be a more
apt leader at the moment they're not
getting what they want they're still not
standing up to them so no I don't think
they're going to I don't think they're
gonna grow a spine until he's gone what
is your favorite US coin design the
Kennedy half-dollar from 1976 question
if you were head of the CIA
what would the agency be doing right now
disbanding no I'm assuming you're asking
what what I think if we're gonna have an
agency like that what should it be doing
its its job which is human intelligence
it should be focusing on human
intelligence and that is determining
intent that is something we're going to
talk about in well I'm not gonna talk
about it
deep goat will in an upcoming video
intent that is what intelligence work is
about all of the intercepts and all that
stuff it's great it can tell you what
happened but it doesn't help develop
good assessments about what's going to
happen and intelligence is really about
figuring out the intent it's about
telling the future you can't do that
you're useless
hi Bo here in Central Florida the theme
parks were smart enclosed fairly early
but with tourism being vital to the
hospitality industry and the majority of
our tourists being international
travelers how can we assure them when
DeSantis is disregarded safety measures
you can't not honestly you can't the
thing about it here that so annoying is
that we were so close
here in Florida we were so close to
getting that getting to the point where
we could realistically not have problems
with with with a rollout reopen like
we're talking weeks and he'd jump the
gun I don't know I wouldn't say that it
is safe I wouldn't because there's still
a high probability of resurgence now I
hope I'm wrong
I hope that we were over the line
because we're close we were really close
but it wasn't certain yet what are your
thoughts on Gaia theory I think it's
true I think the earth is a
self-regulating entity in the sense of
its it's all related you know and
inorganic and organic matter on the
planet has to have to find a balance we
have to we can still manipulate and
improve our surroundings you know we
don't have to go back to living in huts
living in caves but we have to do it in
a sustainable way
and so I I think it is a holistic
approach that we would have to take when
we're talking about ecology and
environmental science
what's an operator you drop that term
the other day and I got that you met
people who were dressed in tactical gear
but I'm not sure what the term actually
means I'm gonna put a not-safe-for-work
video link down in the comment section
for the SWAT operator it used to be very
very specific to one group but now it is
widely used to reference any body that
is in in the field in the Special
Operations or even intelligence
communities that's operated but they
have to be somebody in the field the
terminology is changing but yeah it's
it's slang it's slang for somebody who's
Civil Team Delta SAS I don't know where
you're from
but it's a Special Operations guy which
of your Veni videos are your perennial
favorites that you would recommend
sharing with folks who haven't heard you
I'm actually putting together a playlist
on this tonight so you just hang on and
that will exist Wow already another 11
minutes in okay so we're gonna go ahead
and stop again and take a quick break
and come back there's a reason I do it
at 10-minute marks
all right so if this is the last one
you're watching it's just a thought
y'all have a good night but there'll be
another